A2HA to Automate HA In-place upgrade docs (#7685)
chef/automate: components/docs-chef-io/content/automate/ha_existing_a2ha_to_automate_ha.md

1. Add the OpenSearch credentials to the applied config.

    - If using Chef Managed Opensearch, add the config below into `current_config.toml` (without any changes).  

        ```bash
        [global.v1.external.opensearch.auth.basic_auth]
            username = "admin"
            password = "admin"
        ```

>     - In case of ``` backup_config = "file_system" ``` had been provided in config.toml of Automate HA deployment, then need to patch below OpenSearch config from bastion before starting the restore.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - In case ` backup_config = "file_system"` had been provided in config.toml of Automate HA deployment, then please patch below OpenSearch config from bastion before starting the restore.
```

    sudo chef-automate backup restore /mnt/automate_backups/backups/20210622065515/ --patch-config current_config.toml --airgap-bundle /var/tmp/frontend-4.x.y.aib --skip-preflight
    ```

> 2. After the restore is successfully executed, you will see the below message:

Reviewer 2: I don't think you should change the numbers, as in MD format it auto-increments, example:
```
1. First
1. Second
1. Third
```
1. First
1. Second
1. Third

Reviewer 3: Have fixed it.

>     - After the restore command is successfully executed. If we run the `chef-automate config show`, we can see that both ElasticSearch and OpenSearch config are part of Automate Config. After restoring Automate HA talk to OpenSearch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - After the restore command is successfully executed. If we run the `chef-automate config show`, we can see that both ElasticSearch and OpenSearch config are part of Automate Config. After restoring Automate HA is configured to communicate with OpenSearch.
```
